docs: enable vale style checks (#571)
canonical/github-runner-operator: docs/local-lxd/explanation/arm64.md

- Kernel (KVM): upstream not yet ready
- Userspace programs (e.g. qemu): unsupported.

Therefore, it is currently necessary that the charm is deployed on a bare metal instance.

> E.g., you can use any of the [ARM64 metal instances](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types/) to provide Juju

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, you can use any of the [ARM64 metal instances](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types/) to provide Juju
```
Nitpick
